com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.json.BellsSerializerTest testSerialize
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.json.BellsSerializerTest testDeserialize
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.json.LuckyNumberSerializerTest testDeserializeInvalid
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.json.LuckyNumberSerializerTest testSerialize
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.json.LuckyNumberSerializerTest testDeserialize
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.json.NewsSerializerTest testSerialize
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.json.NewsSerializerTest testSerializeEmpty
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.json.ReplacementsSerializerTest testDeserializeInvalid
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.json.ReplacementsSerializerTest testSerialize
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.json.ReplacementsSerializerTest testDeserialize
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.json.TimetableSerializerTest testDeserializeInvalid
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.json.TimetableSerializerTest testSerialize
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.json.TimetableSerializerTest testDeserialize
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.BellsTest testGet
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.BellsTest testSize
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.BellsTest testParcelable
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.BellsTest testIsEmpty
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.HourDataFactoryTest testGet
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.HourDataFactoryTest testSize
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.ReplacementsTest testEntrySet
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.ReplacementsTest testSize
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.ReplacementsTest testGetDate
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.ReplacementsTest testGetClassName
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.ReplacementsTest testAtHour
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.ReplacementsTest testParcelable
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.ReplacementsTest testIsEmpty
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.TimetableDayTest testGetHours
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.TimetableDayTest testLastHour
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.TimetableDayTest testFirstHour
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.TimetableDayTest testAtHour
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.TimetableDayTest testParcelable
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.TimetableDayTest testIsEmpty
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.TimetableTest testGetAllGroups
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.TimetableTest testGetClassName
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.TimetableTest testGetDay
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.model.TimetableTest testIsEmpty
com.pjanczyk.lo1olkusz.synchronization.ApiTest testGetNews
